Title: In Time
Date: 2016-04-15 5:00
Status: published
Category: Writing
Tags: Fiction, Short Stories, Science Fiction
Slug: in-time-2
Authors: Ben Burnett
Summary: Done. Just in time.

The problem with time travel is that it takes time.

It takes time to go back and kill Hitler. You have to plan these
things, it's not like you can just hop in the machine and go back and
kill Hitler. You have to know how you are going to do it. You have to
know when and where he is going to be. Those are, of course, a matter
of history, but still, it's not like you can just show up at Nuremberg
and be like, hey, I'm going to kill Hitler. No. It just not going to
happen that way.

That's the problem with time travel. It takes time. Time I don't have.

I bought my time machine a while ago. I couldn't afford the best
model, but it's not the worst either. It was on sale at Walmart, and a
buddy helped me get it home. I'd had it in the dining room for a few
days, since I hadn't gotten around to getting a dining room table. But
after a few days of languishing in the space, I decided it would be
better to have it stashed in the spare room. God knows why I have a
spare room&mdash;I'm single and I have few visitors.

People used their time machines for all sorts of things. My neighbor
took his kids to the hight of the Roman empire to watch a match
between some gladiator and another. I don't remember the details. But
his son got lost. By lost, I mean he was taken and killed. His wife
was also raped. Not that his son was raped, but that in addition to
his son being killed, his wife was rapped. I don't think it was the
holiday they expected. But what can you expect from a place like that?
It's certainly not Disney Land. Not that Disney Land is Disney Land
anymore, it closed after time machines became available, since
everyone starting finding their magic elsewhere. Well, not everyone
found magic. My neighbor certainly didn't.

So why did I buy a time machine if I didn't take trips like my
neighbor? I don't know. Why do we buy anything ridiculous? Maybe to
show off to the neighbors. Not that mine would be that impressed
anymore. Maybe we do it to fill a void. Maybe we do it to invest back
in to our economy. Maybe we just do it because we like cool shit that
lets us dream a little. Isn't that why people buy lottery tickets?
They can't seriously think they are going to win, can they? What it
does do for them is give them the right to imagine what they would do
if they won.

Now that I've mentioned lottery tickets, you're probably thinking:
well, why couldn't you just go back and buy a winning lottery ticket?
Well, you can't. OK, I guess you could go back and get the ticket with
the winning numbers, but you can't come back and expect it to win. You
could the fist time. And someone did. That's why you can't do it
anymore. The lottery people caught on. Not that there was much to
catch on to, I mean, it's a bloody time machine, who wouldn't have
thought to go back and get the winning ticket, it's an obvious thing
to do. But the lottery has changed. There is only ever one winner,
aside from the lottery people who rake it in, it's the person who
makes the first claim. And trust me, it's never going to be
you. People have armies of travelers poised to find the right
timing. They go get the ticket and try to arrive back so that they are
just in time to claim it. Problem is, is that because there are so
many people doing it, they all appear at the same place at the same
time. It's not pretty. Not pretty at all. I saw it once when I was a
kid, one second there was a man in line, just waiting to claim his
winnings, when suddenly, POP!, a woman appeared right in him. There
where three more pops in quick succession, and what remained looked
like a Medusa figure with multiple heads. It was sick.

No. I don't do any of those things with my time machine. The things I
do with mine are far less interesting. I use my time machine to do the
laundry. It works like this: I forget to do the laundry, as usual, but
rather than staying up all night waiting for the old machines, I just
hop in my machine, go back a few hours and put it on. By the time I'm
back, it's done. Takes no time at all.
