Title: In Time
Date: 2016-04-15 5:00
Status: draft
Category: Writing
Tags: Fiction, Short Stories, Science Fiction
Slug: in-time
Authors: Ben Burnett
Summary: Done. Just in time.

He arrived home a little late that afternon. His husband and their
child would probably have eaten by that point. But he could always
make a sandwich for himself.

He'd gone to Walmart to get a new time machine. Their old one was on
it's last legs, and they had been in need of a replacement for some
time. Usually, they would not have been able to afford such a big
purchase, but his mother-in-law had given them an early Chrismans
present&mdash;despite it being the middle of May. They'd begrudgingly
accepted the gift, even though it meant his mother-in-law would be
able to hold yet another thing over his head. He'd apparently never
provided properly for her son&mdash;as if she knew anything about it,
having won the lottery at a young age and never worked a day since.

He trucked the machine in to the living room, and set it down. After
calling his husband over, they began removing the pacaging&mdash;or as
his husband liked to say, in internet parlance, _unboxing_.

The new machine had the latest in time gadgets; they'd bought the top
of the line unit, so none of this was surprising. One feature was a
set of redundant nuclear clocks. For time, and stuff. Actually, the
clocks were to plot destination paths. Because of the movement of the
planets over time, it was a rare occasion that a you'd ever pick a
historic time when the planet existed in the same spot. Thus, you
needed the clocks to help navigate through the well known historical
layout of planetary movement.

Redundancy had only recently become a requirement in time
travel. Before that one clock was the standard. Now-a-days, that kind
of travel seemed cavalier, if not idiotic.

The change in regulations had come about becuase of an incident
involving a prominent weathly family. In spite of the availablity of
redundant clock machines, the couple had use a vintage
machine. "Because we liked the shake of the old equiptment," they wife
had been heard to say.

Their trip had been uneventful, up until it wasn't. On their return
there had been a minor blip in the on-board clock, it missed a step by
a fraction of a fraction of a microsend. Which seems small&mdash;and
it is&mdash;but it was a large enough error that the machine had
materialized half way through a marble wall. The husband had
suffocated, encased in a marble grave.

Through their&mdash;_her_&mdash;wealth and connections, she had been
exempt from the regulations forbiding saving deceased persons. She had
been allowed to return to gather him, and his things, from the past,
and bring him forward. It had been all over the news. Everyone wanted
to do the same thing, but instead a new, stricter, set of regulations
had been put in place, to disuade similar future ventures. The
punishment involved dropping the guilty parties so far back in the
past that there existed nothing resembling the world they knew. Some
had tested the rules, of course, but the rest of us quickly learnt to
stop dreaming about reviving past love ones.

Once they had finished _unboxing_ they sat back and admired their new
appliance. Like everyone, he'd always dreamed of traveling to the past
to kill Hitler, stop Oswald from killing Kenedy, or any of the
numerous historical toils. But like everyone else, they had never
acted on these dreams. Who knew how dangerous these excursions would
be, and who could afford to be away for months, or even years, ploting
and detarminig how to alter the past. It's not that anyone would
notice you'd left; of course they wouldn't, you'd travel back to
exactly the same time you left, so to any person watching, the machine
would simply stay stationay. What was expensive, in time, was the
relative aging effect. No matter what time you went to, you'd still
age. If you were gone, in your time, for a year, then you'd age a
year. To you it would have taken that year to age, but to those that
stayed behind, you'd just look a year older, whatever that looked like
on you.
