Title: Seven
Date: 2016-04-10 8:00
Status: draft
Category: Writing
Tags: Fiction, Short Stories
Slug: seven
Authors: Ben Burnett
Summary: A numbered call.

When you were a child, someone called you and said "7". You thought
nothing of it until today, when you got a caller who said "6".

It was 7 am when the call came in. The phone rang and rang, and I
thought my mother would answer. Back then we had no cell phones, they
were reserved for the pompous and rich, who would truck them around in
briefcases or have them installed in their long stretched cars.

The phone continued to ring while I pushed my small car across the
tiled floor. I was imagining it being chased by an invisible police
pursuer. Neither were true, of course, but I had never let reality
interfere with my games. The driver of the car had just robbed a bank,
in the style of Heat, but alone rather than in a group, and with a
knife rather than an assault rifle.

The robber drove a 1995 gold Celica. Not out of a sense of style,
clearly, but rather because it was one of the few choices he'd had
when prematurely exiting the bank. The two front doors opened, but the
rear ones did not. I imagined this was because they had broken in
previous exciting heists, but really they were just grooved outlines
on a small inaccurately scaled toy.

The phone had stopped ringing, and I was just getting used to the
silence. I liked the silence. It was rare to have it. When my father
and mother where around, what filled the air was as far from silence
as we are from God&mdash;or so I'm told&mdash;I've never considered
the distance to heaven in any meaningful units of distance, and my
measures of goodness would never be enough to get there anyway.

The phone rang again.

I ran to bedroom, where the phone was, and scooped it up from it's
cradle. I'd forgotten my mother was out for the day&mdash;at the
beauty parlor, which was her habit of a break from the world for the
week.

On paper, she went to get her nails done. But even I, who had no sense
of the pretty, could tell when they were done poorly. They were done
poorly often.

In reality, my mother went to the parlor to see a friend. Not that
kind of friend, the social kind. Though he was a man, so I'll forgive
your misunderstanding. He was not the type of man that would be
attracted to my mother. In fact, not many men were the type of man
that would be attracted to her. They would be lying if they were to
say she had a good personality&mdash;she didn't&mdash;but that's how
people describe the type of woman she was. My father, however, would
not have described her in either way. "A bitch," is one way he _had_
described her. But never had he said she had personality. He rarely
said anything nice about her.

"Six," said a voice on the other end of the extension. _Six what?_, I
thought. There was a short but definitive click on the line. The voice
was gone, and only the slight static of the faulty line remained. The
phone had been damaged a few years ago, and I remembered the day
well. It was the day my father left me. He left my mother all the
time, but this time I was the one who had been left.

We had gone to the mall after my father and my mother had fought. My
father had told me he was taking me for ice-cream, or something like
that&mdash;that part I forget. We drove slowly down the city roads,
often taking a longer route than was necessary. But I thought little
of it then, and still infrequently now. We arrived at the mall roughly
22 minutes later, despite living across the street. As we got out of
the car, I remember he told me he had to go to the bank, but that he
would meet me inside the type of parlor I preferred.
